
                       DEMONSTRATION  DISKETTE  NOTES

                                May 6, 1987

     The demonstration diskette contains a demonstration version of Atlanta 
Signal Processors, Incorporated's (ASPI's) Digital Filter Design Package 
(DFDP).  Also included are the solutions to many of the exercises in the
book  " A DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSING LABORATORY USING THE TMS32010 ". ASPI 
has provided the filter coefficient files (.FLT) as well as the assembly 
code text files (.ASM) for exercises 12 and 13.  All other exercise solutions 
have been provided by Dr. Douglas L. Jones of Rice University.

     The assembly code files provide by ASPI were generated with an 
earlier copy of CGEN to be compatible with this book.  ASPI has and will 
continue to update and improve DFDP and CGEN to take advantage of the 
current state of the art in filter design.  A full functioned DFDP and 
improved code generator (CGEN) are available from:

	 ASPI
	 Suite 208, 770 Spring Street, NW
	 Atlanta, Georgia  30327
	 phone (404)-892-7265.

     The demonstration version of DFDP runs on an IBM PC or IBM PC/AT, under 
PCDOS, with a CGA video adapter and either a black & white or color monitor 
or an EGA video adapter and enhanced color monitor.  It has also been run on 
a variety of IBM PC and IBM PC/AT clones.  The demonstration version of DFDP 
requires a minimum memory configuration of 384 Kbytes.  If you are using an 
IBM PC/AT without a 80287 numeric coprocessor you must set the environment 
variable NO87=8087 or DFDP may not operate properly.  The demonstration DFDP 
is named DEMO.EXE on the demonstration diskette and is executed by simply 
typing DEMO followed by a carriage return.  The demonstration diskette does 
NOT contain PCDOS and therefor is NOT bootable.

     The demonstration DFDP is limited to designing IIR filters and Parks-
McClellan design FIR filters.  The demonstration DFDP is also limited in 
that it does not display and can not save the filter coefficients.  However, 
the characteristics of the designed filter can be graphed and the 
coefficient files supplied on the demonstration diskette can be read into 
and manipulated by the demonstration DFDP program.

