SCOPEFIR GENERAL LICENSE AGREEMENT

NOTICE: BY INSTALLING AND USING SCOPEFIR YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE
BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PROMPTLY DELETE ALL SCOPEFIR FILES FROM
YOUR COMPUTER.

1) OWNER: The manufacturer of this software and the owner of all
associated copyrights and licenses is IOWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL
CORPORATION of Overland Park, Kansas.  "SCOPEFIR" is a trademark
of IOWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION.

2) APPLICABILITY: This AGREEMENT is a GENERAL LICENSE AGREEMENT
which applies to all users of SCOPEFIR.  If you have other
licensing agreements with IOWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION for
the use of SCOPEFIR, terms of this agreement which are not
specifically addressed in those agreements shall be considered
amendments to those agreements.

3) AS IS: SCOPEFIR, WHETHER OR NOT REGISTERED, IS PROVIDED "AS
IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. IOWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL
CORPORATION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL IOWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL
CORPORATION OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS
INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE
OF OR INABILITY TO USE ANY SCOPEFIR SOFTWARE, EVEN IF IOWEGIAN
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.  BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION
OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL
DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

4) DISTRIBUTION: You may freely copy and distribute the SCOPEFIR
DISTRIBUTION FILE in unmodified form.  However, it is prohibited
to modify the DISTRIBUTION FILE or to distribute any components
extracted from it.  Exception: Shareware distributors who receive
the DISTRIBUTION FILE from Iowegian may modify it by adding a zip
comment.

5) TRIAL PERIOD:  When you install the SCOPEFIR program by
extracting files from the DISTRIBUTION FILE and copying them to
a given computer, a trial period of 60 days begins.  SCOPEFIR
may be used freely for 60 days operating in an "unregistered"
mode.  If you do not register SCOPEFIR, you agree to remove the
SCOPEFIR extraction files from the computer within 60 days after
installation.  SCOPEFIR will stop functioning at the end of its
trial period.

6) REGISTRATION: REGISTRATION is the process by which you gain
full license to use SCOPDSP.  REGISTRATION is initiated when you
provide a suggested REGISTRATION NAME, an e-mail and/or postal
address, and the required registration fee, if any, to IOWEGIAN
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION.  Upon receipt of your registration
information and fee, IOWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION will
send you return registration information consisting of your
official REGISTRATION NAME, the corresponding REGISTRATION KEY
NUMBER and the version(s) of SCOPEFIR to which your REGISTRATION
applies. IOWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION may assign a
REGISTRATION NAME other than what you suggest.  Your receipt of
this information completes REGISTRATION, which licenses you to
use applicable version(s) of SCOPEFIR on a single computer
indefinitely. You are licensed to use any past, present or future
version of SCOPEFIR which accepts your REGISTRATION NAME and
REGISTRATION KEY NUMBER.  Entering your REGISTRATION information
into SCOPEFIR will enable its additional "Registered User"
features.

7) REGISTRATION KEY NUMBER USAGE: You agree not to disclose your
confidential REGISTRATION KEY NUMBER to any third party. A single
registration may be used only on a single computer; you must
purchase multiple REGISTRATIONS to use SCOPEFIR on multiple
computers.  Your REGISTRATION may be transferred to a another
computer owned by you simply by installing the SCOPEFIR files on
the new computer and deleting them from the previous computer;
however, because the REGISTRATION process gives you knowledge of
the confidential REGISTRATION KEY NUMBER, your REGISTRATION is
not transferable to a third party.

8) FREE REGISTRATION: IOWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION may
grant FREE REGISTRATIONS for promotional purposes.  If IOWEGIAN
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION has granted you FREE REGISTRATION, it
does not imply, acknowledge, or grant any ownership or other
rights whatsoever to SCOPEFIR beyond that of REGISTRATION, as
described above.

9) GOVERNING STATE: IOWEGIAN INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION is
incorporated in the state of Kansas.  This Agreement shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Kansas.
