ScopeFIR README.TXT

PURPOSE:

ScopeFIR designs Finite Impulse Response (FIR) filters using the
Parks-McClellan algorithm.

INSTALLATION NOTES:

ScopeFIR does not require an installation program.  To install it, simply
follow these steps:

1) Unzip the ScopeFIR distribution file into the directory using the Zip
program of your choice.

2) Create a new shortcut for ScopeFIR in the usual way by clicking the right
mouse button on the desktop, then selecting "new" and "shortcut".  At the
prompt, type the path and name for the ScopeFIR.exe file, or browse for it
using the Browse button.  Hit the "Next" button.

3) If desired, change the shortcut name.  Hit the "Finish" button.

That's all there is to it!

DISTRIBUTION:

ScopeFIR's DISTRIBUTION FILE may be freely distributed in unmodified form.
However, it is prohibited to modify its DISTRIBUTION FILE or to distribute
any components extracted from it.  Exception: Shareware distributors who
receive the DISTRIBUTION FILE from Iowegian may modify it by adding a zip
comment.  THE FULL TERMS GOVERNING THE USE OF SCOPEFIR ARE DESCRIBED IN THE
ACCOMPANYING FILE "LICENSE.TXT".  ANY USE OF SCOPEFIR CONSTITUTES AN
AGREEMENT BY THE USER TO THESE TERMS.

REGISTRATION:

Not all features of ScopeFIR are enabled in its Trial Edition.  If ScopeFIR
meets your needs, you can gain access to additional features and support its
further development by purchasing a Registration from Iowegian.  See the
ScopeFIR Help system or our web site for more information about Registering.

COMPANION PRODUCT:

ScopeDSP is a companion product for ScopeFIR which analyzes Time and Frequency
signals using FFT (Fast Fourier Transform) techniques.  ScopeDSP can filter
signals using filters designed by ScopeFIR.  Please see the ScopeDSP web page
at <http://www.iowegian.com/scopedsp.htm> for further information.

UPDATES AND SUPPORT:

ScopeFIR will continue to be refined as part of our commitment to quality.  Be
sure to check our web site periodically at <http://www.iowegian.com> for new
releases of ScopeFIR.  If you have problems with ScopeFIR, or have suggestions
for improving it, please don't hesitate to contact us at contact@iowegian.com.

Good luck and happy Scoping!

-Iowegian International Corporation

contact@iowegian.com
http://www.iowegian.com
